Adding basic example (#885)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/pack.md

                             Default or Json
```

## Basic example

> This example will pack the contents of a temp directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example packs the contents of a temp directory:
```
